Refactor expansion panel topic (#1806)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/expansion_panel.md

</div>

## Styling

### Basic usage
You can see the styled sample below:
<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 440px;">
    <iframe id="expansion-styling" frameborder="0" seamless="" width="100%" height="100%" data-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/layouts/expansion-styling" class="lazyload no-theming"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="expansion-styling" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>

### Define palette & colors
Fist we create a custom palette which can later be passed to our component:
```scss
// In expansion-styling.component.scss
// In real life scenario this should be in your main sass file, in our case it's in the component SCSS.

// Import theming engine functionality.
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';

// Add your brand colors.
$my-primary-color:#353a4b;
$my-secondary-color: #ffd351;

// Create custom palette.
$my-color-palette: igx-palette(
    $primary: $my-primary-color,
    $secondary: $my-secondary-color
);
```

> ### Create component theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the Component Theme
```

> Now lets create our component theme and pass the `$my-color-palette` palette from the above sniped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's create our component theme and pass the `$my-color-palette` palette from the above sniped.
```

```scss
// In expansion-styling.component.scss
// Create expansion panel theme.
$custom-panel-theme: igx-expansion-panel-theme(
    // pass `$my-color-palette` palette.
    $palette: $my-color-palette,

    // Styling parameters.
    $header-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 700),
    $header-focus-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 700),
    $header-title-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary"),
    $header-icon-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary"),
    $body-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 700),
    $body-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary" 100),
    $border-radius: .5
);
```
>[!NOTE]
> To see all the available parameters for styling trough the [`theming`](themes/component-themes.md) engine check the [`API documentation`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-expansion-panel-theme)

> ### Applying component theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Applying the Component Theme
```

> Now to apply the component theme All that's left is to include `igx-expansion-panel` mixin and pass the `$custom-panel-theme` map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now to apply the component theme all that's left is to include `igx-css-vars` mixin and pass the `$custom-panel-theme` map.
```

```scss
// In expansion-styling.component.scss
// Pass our custom-panel-theme to `igx-expansion-panel` mixin.

> @include igx-expansion-panel($custom-panel-theme);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@include igx-css-vars($custom-panel-theme);
```

```

 >[!NOTE]

>  >If the component is using an [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to penetrate this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`.

Reviewer: This only applies when targeting IE 11 using the old component mixin for including a custom theme.

>  On the other side, in order to prevent our custom theme to leak to other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In order to prevent our custom theme from leaking into other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:
```
